the amount of soreness you get when you
stretch with proper intensity is
actually insane I thought stretching was
supposed to help with soreness well if
you want the stretching to actually
increase your range of motion it has to
be very intense so when I finish a
flexibility workout I actually get very
very sore and it takes several days to
actually recover from that I hold
stretches for 30 seconds at a time and
how I make sure the stretches at the
proper intensity is I push the stretch
until it is so difficult that I can
barely hold it the full 30 seconds but
I've definitely pushed myself a little
too hard before and then recovery takes
a couple weeks instead of a couple days
my knees weak noodly leggies anyway
that's why flexi joints exist huge deal
going on right now so if you want to
give your joints the resources to
recover way faster check the link of my
bio stay flexy